[SPEAKER_03]: According to IMDB, Keanu Reeves is most known for Neo, Jack Traven, Johnny Utah, and Neo.
[SPEAKER_03]: Two Neos?
[SPEAKER_03]: No Ted?
[SPEAKER_03]: No John Wick?
[SPEAKER_03]: Surely one of those two Neos will be replaced by his new starring role, Shadow the Hedgehog.
[SPEAKER_03]: Add to his roles a roller-skating gun-toting edgelord hedgehog, or maybe something slightly different in the next installment of the Sonic the Hedgehog movies.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is the Games and Hollywood Update.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and news of games themselves.
[SPEAKER_03]: Starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice,
[SPEAKER_00]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_00]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again tonight, April the 21st of 2024 with episode number 1001 of our show.
[SPEAKER_00]: My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with you every week along with my co-hosts.
[SPEAKER_00]: First off, say hello to the wonderful DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_00]: I had so much fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: Drew, Dead By Daylight
[SPEAKER_06]: And he seemed to really enjoy it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_06]: The first game was a very silly match, so I'm glad that that was his first game.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then my friend KVKingdom, who I've known for a while too, played DBD with us last night as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was the one that was joining us as I was leaving, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Smokey played off and on with me during the day and I did some killer but mostly it was just really fun survivor time and we had some very silly matches and I finally got the one thing I wanted to happen to happen and on top of it it was with a skull merchant.
[SPEAKER_06]: We went into the movie theater level and played pinball.
[SPEAKER_06]: and Rob.
[SPEAKER_06]: One day this week, we're going to do a custom and make it so we can.
[SPEAKER_06]: So so I can at least let you be prepared for what happens with the unknown and and show you the the pinball arcade and everything in the movie theater.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's actually really neat.
[SPEAKER_06]: And there's even a little stage area up there that you can't get to, but it's sorely wished I could so that that we could like do pretend Rocky.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: It looks like a neat level from what I've seen.
[SPEAKER_06]: But anyway, I had a ghostface do pretend Rocky with me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let me make sure I also introduce somebody to the program who maybe doesn't play Dead by Daylight, but still enjoys the occasional spooky game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, well, you definitely have like some game footage playing behind you tonight.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's definitely a spooky looking game.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't recognize this because it looks like a Shooty McShooter game.
[SPEAKER_00]: But what is this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Fallout 4 Silent Hill
[SPEAKER_00]: Got it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I didn't get into Fallout the same way I did Elder Scrolls.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know why.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe I need to give it another chance.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, yes, I know everybody's going bananas over the Fallout show.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was apparently really good.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I needed to force myself to sit down and watch it.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I've actually been playing quite a few video games this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: So we'll get into that in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_00]: But first, actually, I wanted to say here at the top of the show before we get into our kickoff story tonight, which hopefully, Loki, you're good to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: Big thanks to everybody out there for the love on our 1000th episode, which was last week, of course.
[SPEAKER_00]: We had a lot of great donations live.
[SPEAKER_00]: We made more, not that it's money, but money does help pay for the business license and keep everything official here.
[SPEAKER_00]: We made more money last night than we ever have in one night of programming here at Voice Geeks Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: So just want to really thank everybody for their generosity.
[SPEAKER_00]: And even if you're listening on the podcast feed, I saw a lot of love on social media, we saw the you know, thank you emails and so forth.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I just I just wanted to really thank everybody for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we're still trucking on to episode 1001.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks to all of you out there.
[SPEAKER_00]: So big thanks to everybody out there.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I know we just mentioned the subathon, but a happy belated to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_00]: How does 29 feel?
[SPEAKER_06]: Fuck 20s.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's true, that's true.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm like a solid 32.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Cause like, I have, honestly though, it's, it's been kind of surreal.
[SPEAKER_06]: Cause like mentally I don't feel like where I am.
[SPEAKER_06]: but I certainly do feel like it in my hips today.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh my God, all that walking and then sitting, being stuck on the five.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fucking five traffic and people with their really bright headlights that aren't quite, you know, like high beams, but they could fool me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you please add in a get off my lawn or a...
[SPEAKER_06]: No, I don't have a lawn.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will yellow the cloud, though.
[SPEAKER_00]: That works.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Damn you, cloud.
[SPEAKER_00]: You should have taken Tifa on the date.
[SPEAKER_06]: I always take Tifa on the date.
[SPEAKER_06]: What are you talking about?
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I need to go get another drink.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, then let's move on into our kickoff story tonight, which is a little bit of a sad kind of, you know, one of those things that isn't surprising in this day and age of video games is still a little bit of a blindside.
[SPEAKER_00]: Loki, start us off.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_04]: either the whole game or a portion of the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: This has been an ongoing issue since January of this year for LittleBigPlanet 3 where they had their online server shut down.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was supposed to be temporarily while they were investigating some malicious code or mods that were being used on those servers that actually could cause your
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_04]: Looking at it, I guess, for the last three months, they said, you know, do the ongoing technical issues which resulted in the LittleBigPlanet 3 servers for PlayStation 4 being taken offline.
[SPEAKER_04]: Temporarily, in January 2024, the decision has been made to keep those servers offline indefinitely.
[SPEAKER_04]: All online services, including access to other players' creations for LittleBigPlanet 3, are no longer available.
[SPEAKER_04]: So essentially, you cannot access any of the user generated content that's been made for LittleBigPlanet for the last 16 years or so.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for those that may not know, LittleBigPlanet was a game on Sony's service that was basically a Mario clone-ish type of game.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, it had its own mechanics.
[SPEAKER_00]: It wasn't a complete clone.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the big kicker was that you could build your own levels.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there were all sorts of different mechanics where people were able to build these very elaborate things.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I remember in the original LittleBigPlanet, and I imagine later ones, it actually even supported the eye toy.
[SPEAKER_00]: and Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I remember my favorite LittleBigPlanet level of all time in the original was a Parker Posey tribute level where you just would unlock all of these stickers that have Parker Posey's picture on them, which is great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Genius.
[SPEAKER_00]: Who doesn't love Parker Posey?
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you're going to sit there and say, who?
[SPEAKER_00]: Then do your research.
[SPEAKER_00]: Parker Posey is an amazing actress who's been in a variety of movies, including Scream 3, where she was the comic relief, or Josie and the Pussycats, which is a completely underrated movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: But anyway, I digress.
[SPEAKER_00]: The thing is, though, is that the LittleBigPlanet and LittleBigPlanet 2, those servers shut down some time ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: But in LittleBigPlanet 3, all of the old levels were still playable.
[SPEAKER_00]: So LittleBigPlanet 3 essentially housed all of these old levels.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I believe LittleBigPlanet 1 and 2 were PlayStation 3 games.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then LittleBigPlanet 3 was a PlayStation 4 game, if I remember right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, that's correct.
[SPEAKER_04]: but yeah, the PlayStation 3 servers for LittleBigPlanet 3 had been, I think, taken offline earlier.
[SPEAKER_04]: And what's annoying too is like when you hear the PlayStation 3 version of the game was taken down the servers because of DDoS attacks.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, who's DDoSing this game?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, why?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, why are you doing that?
[SPEAKER_04]: And then on top of it, now the PlayStation 4 stuff because of malicious mods, like...
[SPEAKER_04]: This is why we don't have nice things like where people are fighting so hard as it is for preservation on this stuff and you have people also ruining it with this type of stuff as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: People that are ruining it don't care like and that's the sad thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, it's you know, karma's gonna get you bitch.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all I have to say.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby Blackwolf in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific at the Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: right after the Bobby Blackwell show and Bobby is in our chat, he sometimes hangs out after his show, saying,
[SPEAKER_00]: Sackboy's Big Adventure Game
[SPEAKER_00]: which I think was kind of supposed to be LittleBigPlanet 4, but it really wasn't because it didn't have any of the custom stuff in it, which to me, defeated the whole purpose.
[SPEAKER_00]: But there was that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then of course, there was the other, Dreams, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: The one that kind of didn't have a lot of backing from Sony, it felt like.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was a very big playground.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that, I feel like Dreams has come down before this ultimately got taken down, which is interesting in its own way.
[SPEAKER_00]: So.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a bummer there isn't a way to carry these levels forward because a lot of people worked hard on them.
[SPEAKER_00]: There is something else to consider here, though, is that technically these have been down since January, and it's only being reported on now because it's not coming back.
[SPEAKER_00]: You did not see the same love on social media, on podcasts such as this, on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_00]: You did not see the same memorials in January because most people, let's be real, probably didn't notice.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's probably very few people, I'm sure there's a very strong LittleBigPlanet community, a few loyalists still making levels, they probably noticed, but most people, the average gamer hasn't noticed.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so now it's only that like, well, you can never have Thing again, that everybody's gonna go, but I missed Thing, even though it's actually been gone for two months, and nobody's missed it yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: So
[SPEAKER_00]: There is that to consider.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it does kind of stink, especially for people that spent time making levels, doing the thing, that there wasn't any way to maybe back it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: But well, I guess you would have a local copy on your own PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, if you have the levels downloaded, you can still play them.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: But you can't play anything.
[SPEAKER_04]: We can't download anything new.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And E3VL in our chat mentions that Dreams was difficult to make levels compared to LittleBigPlanet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And E3VL also points out people having their nostalgia trip.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, the interesting thing about LittleBigPlanet was that there was all sorts of nostalgia trips in it, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Because people could make their own thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so it led to some very creative, like people were making shooter games a little
[SPEAKER_00]: BigPlanet
[SPEAKER_00]: Again, I understand the facts.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not like Sony can just release the code and people can make their own servers.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's really not a realistic reality.
[SPEAKER_00]: It would be nice if maybe, I don't know, you could package your download and put it on the internet and submit, but obviously that would take recoding for a years old game that they don't have the resources to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I get it from that standpoint, but it just, it's, it's sad, especially because it's all gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Dark2C in chat says, weirdly, this is making me miss Game Builder Garage over on Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, enjoy it while you can, because in a few years, I mean, especially because we know they just pulled the plug on the Wii U and the 3DS, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: All those all those Mario Maker levels they were trying to beat the original Mario Maker.
[SPEAKER_00]: Someday, not soon, but someday, that's going to be the Nintendo Switch as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're going to pull all those servers, too.
[SPEAKER_00]: So except for Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Do this stuff on PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Play those.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sure they've got some sort of equivalent type of game on PC and just, you know, kind of do it there.
[SPEAKER_04]: At least you have a little bit of luck that, you know, a server still could go down, but, you know, it's a lot more flexible as far as being able to, you know, keep that stuff longer.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting you mentioned that because we've seen Sony start to do more of a pivot where they are making more of their releases on PC, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: We've seen the Horizons, the God of Wars, we've seen the big franchises show up on PC.
[SPEAKER_00]: So do you think there's a possibility we could ever maybe get a little Big Planet 4 on PC?
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, is that in that games on PC?
[SPEAKER_00]: Is it?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, so I have it on PlayStation because it was a plus game at some point.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I grabbed that and it was fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, it's more 3d platforming.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I understand maybe why it was harder to build your own levels in that game.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I would I would really love to see the little big planet franchise make a comeback.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I just don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know if the demand is there.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, let's move on and talk about the games we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: And how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_00]: I know nobody's been playing LittleBigPlanet.
[SPEAKER_00]: What have you been playing?
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, I actually didn't do my retro night because I was just getting back from San Jose last night.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, um,
[SPEAKER_06]: I played lots of Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_06]: Lots.
[SPEAKER_06]: So much.
[SPEAKER_06]: I also played a little bit of Final Resistance.
[SPEAKER_06]: We put in the module.
[SPEAKER_06]: So Weird Al is out for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: We put in Final Resistance.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, I also played R-Type Dimensions on iOS, just cause I was feeling a little nostalgic and hated myself some.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I played, I played, uh, R-Type.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, and, um, I played some, um, Avatar Frontiers of Pandora just cause I love that, that game so much.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've already beaten it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm doing all the end quests.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, um, and apparently it looks like tonight I'm going to be playing Cult of the Lamb.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: Turbo Kid, the game I talked about last week and we had kind of playing behind us last week, really, really well put together Metroidvania game.
[SPEAKER_04]: I highly recommend you check it out.
[SPEAKER_04]: If you haven't, you can check it on PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know if it's on consoles at all, but it's a very good game.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's even better if you're like familiar with the source material, but you don't have to be.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just overall a solid Metroidvania game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I really enjoy it.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, that's it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want to play some Fallout, but you know, haven't gotten all my mods situated now that the game's gonna be updating, you know, later this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's gonna break everything.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, that'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: My Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_00]: I actually have a few things to talk about.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, I've played the normal stuff like Final Fantasy 14 and Diablo 4 and all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: I played Dead by Daylight with Jamie, as we talked about earlier, but I actually have some different stuff to talk about.
[SPEAKER_00]: So one of them, I want to talk about this because it is a game I've talked about before.
[SPEAKER_00]: However,
[SPEAKER_00]: Niantic has made the best quality of life change ever to one of their games.
[SPEAKER_00]: The best, like, the most amazing quality of life change I've ever seen Niantic do, they have done in one of their games, and it is not Pokemon Go.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is, but this, this is the feature I never knew I needed in Pokemon Go until now, and I have this really interesting feeling it will never come to Pokemon Go, because I think we're gonna see this very interesting difference.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have a feeling Niantic is very siloed, because I feel like Niantic's Japanese arm, which made Monster Hunter now, is on a very different page, because the quality of life update is in Monster Hunter now.
[SPEAKER_00]: which in some ways I think has cemented itself now as Niantic's best game which is wild to say at this point but this quality of life change is that good
[SPEAKER_00]: And Bobby Blackovenchat says, is it Pikmin Bloom?
[SPEAKER_00]: I do love Pikmin Bloom for what it's worth.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think Pikmin Bloom for what it is, is a solid game.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think it is a great walking incentivizer.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think it took them about a year to get the formula right, but they got the formula right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I feel like it isn't trying to ask for too much of your money.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it has a very interesting sort of, you know, unique grab, unique Pikmin type of loop.
[SPEAKER_00]: It has a unique game loop that's kind of works for them.
[SPEAKER_00]: But let me talk about Monster Hunter now for a minute, because Monster Hunter now I feel like, you know, has, which is interesting, because I don't play Monster Hunter on consoles, I've tried and not into it.
[SPEAKER_00]: But slowly, this game has really been growing on me, I think this game is really good when it's multiplayer.
[SPEAKER_00]: When you're it's not just tap, tap, tap, tap, tapping to attack a gym.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, it's tapping to attack, but you have to swipe to dodge things, you're swiping back and forth to roll around.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you actually see all four players going around the monster and like,
[SPEAKER_00]: One of you might paralyze it so the other can get a shot in with a super bow and arrow or whatever.
[SPEAKER_00]: It actually plays really smooth.
[SPEAKER_00]: And here's what they did in Monster Hunter now.
[SPEAKER_00]: So they took the concept of the Pokemon gyms and they call them huntathons.
[SPEAKER_00]: So the places that are Pokestops or portals or mushrooms, depending on what Niantic game you play, those places are nodes, basically gathering nodes in Monster Hunter.
[SPEAKER_00]: every hour or so certain gathering nodes will turn into huntathons where five harder monsters will show up for you to fight back to back to back and you get a group of people you go in and you fight the monsters and there's some monsters that will only show up in the huntathons so you know you're kind of incentivized to do them to get the rare materials etc etc the way it works very similar to pokemon go right here's the quality of life update they made this week that is a game changer
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's say I walk to the park down the street and join a hunt-a-thon, but I'm by myself.
[SPEAKER_00]: If I join the hunt-a-thon, after 10 seconds, the hunt-a-thon will now say, expanding range.
[SPEAKER_00]: And at that point, anybody else in the world waiting to do the same monster I am at their park will now get matched with me.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so in a matter of about 45 seconds, you'll fill up with a party of four all about to do the same monster.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's brilliant because it meets Niantic's criteria of their goal of getting out and exploring, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: I've still got to go to my park, go to the huntathon where it's out, but I get match made with people to do the thing I need to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: Pokemon Go needs this like yesterday.
[SPEAKER_00]: this would be the thing that remote instead of remote raids it should be this a matchmaking raid pass because that way when you can't find anybody to do the elite you want to do you get match made with other people waiting to do the exact same thing that's what monster hunter now did and my biggest were and it works really really well and uh yeah you have to wait a little bit but would you rather wait a minute or like never get to do it i i think the minute wait is is well worth it so it's the best quality of life change i've ever seen and i am so worried
[SPEAKER_00]: that when Niantic in the USA figures out what Niantic Japan has done, they're going to say, oh, no, you need to charge for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: You need to sell a pass for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: You need to hunt a thumper.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I am begging Niantic.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am begging Niantic, don't fuck this up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because if you start selling that pass, guess what?
[SPEAKER_00]: Now the pool of people wanting to do it is not going to be there.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not going to work.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby BlackWolf in chat says don't make me get Monster Hunter now and Bonz006 says what Bobby said well before you all get it let me put my referral code in chat so I can get the items but I you know what I'm not gonna say everybody's gonna love it I think you know I don't know if you'd love it Bobby like you might like it for a little while but then the grind and an action part you might get kind of bored of it I don't know I think Pikmin blooms like more up your alley but
[SPEAKER_00]: It is free.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's worth a shot.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've kicked the game money.
[SPEAKER_00]: I bought additional storage and all that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's, let's see, Bobby Blackoven Chat says, I think that should be the argument to Niantic.
[SPEAKER_00]: More people will buy Huntathon tickets if they can guarantee getting a full hunt.
[SPEAKER_00]: That, that, that part, that is it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, so I'm really hoping that Niantic Japan has already cleared this with the rest of Niantic, because I am really worried, because this is way better than the change that Pokemon Go made, or the reversion, I should say.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, that's a game I've already played.
[SPEAKER_00]: Again, Bonds006 in the Google Play Store right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just wait to get my referral code, please.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, other games I've played this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ayudin Chronicles
[SPEAKER_00]: Konami is not cranking out their strong IP like they used to.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is essentially C code and six, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So I didn't Chronicles was on Kickstarter years ago, and finally the game is coming out.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for those that backed it, which I did, I got my digital code for PlayStation five, a couple days ago, and I've been playing and I'm a little ways into the game.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm not going to spoil where I'm at, but I'm about four hours in and I just beat the abandoned mine.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all I'll say.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a pretty spoiler-free.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'd say as a decent chunk of the first part of the game down, it is very much a PlayStation 1 or PlayStation 2 RPG.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you are the person that's saying, why can't they make Final Fantasy games like they used to?
[SPEAKER_00]: Why can't they just make a turn-based battle game like they used to?
[SPEAKER_00]: Why is everything had to be, why can't they just make the game like they used to?
[SPEAKER_00]: Guess what?
[SPEAKER_00]: this game, they made like they used to.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that is both a positive, I think, and it's going to be a negative for some people.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because when it comes to the graphics and things like it, it kind of looks like a PlayStation one or two.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I mean, there's some certain effects and things that are nice.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, I'm enjoying the game.
[SPEAKER_00]: I feel like there's a lot more layers to the game I haven't found yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just looking at the trophies, it seems like there's all these mini-games and management systems I have not got to yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'm not really gonna form my full opinion of the game, but I'm engaged enough.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think the story's interesting enough.
[SPEAKER_00]: I skipped most of the voice acting, but as far as what's going on, again, it's very PlayStation 1 RPG.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think that'll be what most people want.
[SPEAKER_00]: DJ Ranma S in chat says it's coming to Game Pass.
[SPEAKER_00]: If I end up liking it, I'll secure a physical copy.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Bobby Blackwolf is saying, yeah, Tuesday it unlocks on Game Pass.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Tuesday is the official release date of the game.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I think a lot more of you will be jumping on that.
[SPEAKER_00]: By the way, Konami is supposed to release a remaster of Suikoden, Suikoden 2, 1 and 2.
[SPEAKER_00]: They announced that some time ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: It keeps getting delayed, and we don't know when it's ever coming out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Good job, Konami.
[SPEAKER_00]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: Questbuster in chat says the side-scrolling prelude for Aiden was okay too, just relied way too much on disposable side-questing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I actually never played Aiden Chronicles, or excuse me, Aiden Rising, sorry.
[SPEAKER_00]: Aiden Chronicle Rising, whatever it was called.
[SPEAKER_00]: I never played that, so I have no opinion on how it ties into this game.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do not feel lost in the story whatsoever.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a very straightforward JRPG story.
[SPEAKER_00]: hero has left hometown and come to be a hero in this new place where he's found a gang of ragtag misfits to gang up with.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's very like, it's every fucking JRPG story, but it's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what all you fuckers have been asking for.
[SPEAKER_00]: So here it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: So don't bitch when you go in and be like, well, it's just a fucking PlayStation one game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Isn't that what you asked for?
[SPEAKER_00]: Here it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just keep that in mind.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: So there's that game.
[SPEAKER_00]: One more game I played this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: that's new.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm not sure I'm supposed to be talking about this, but I saw people streaming it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So fuck it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just going to talk about Hades 2 early access or early testing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, I got in.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know how I did.
[SPEAKER_00]: I bid for it like anyone else.
[SPEAKER_00]: No special connections that were not that big a show.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't have no special connections or nothing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I bid like everybody else I got in, I guess I put in a few hours on Steam.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I've been playing a little bit of Hades 2.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's it's just the right mix of everything you remember for the first game with like a couple new mechanics to mix it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like the new hero, she's got these things where she can like charge and she's got like a different like different like AoE thing and she can charge so it has this MP mechanic.
[SPEAKER_00]: It definitely seems like there are more things built into the roguelite, more currencies and things to save up.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's exactly what you would expect in a sort of sequel to Hades.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, I was absolutely sold from the, you know, it's only the first area in the, uh, preview.
[SPEAKER_00]: I couldn't even beat the boss though.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let me tell you, uh, it's difficult, but I, I did feel like I was making forward progress, so I'm sold.
[SPEAKER_00]: I will buy this game the moment it's in early access.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_00]: I love the original Hades.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hades 2 looks like it's going to be just as good.
[SPEAKER_00]: Good news.
[SPEAKER_00]: And yes, the most important question, everybody is still hot.
[SPEAKER_00]: that is, I'm sure everybody is still hot.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a lot of new characters, but they're all hot.
[SPEAKER_00]: And even the ones that got older, mommy, daddy, hot.
[SPEAKER_00]: So all your concerns there are fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, that was my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_00]: So with that, let's get into some other news, what's going on throughout gaming.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just quick housekeeping note, we have shows planned for the next few weeks.
[SPEAKER_00]: The next show we will be off, we will not be here live, and there will be no show on the podcast feed, will be Memorial Day weekend.
[SPEAKER_00]: LOKI
[SPEAKER_04]: This is not too much of a surprise to me because I've been seeing their physical media section dwindling slowly over time, but Target has confirmed that they're going to stop selling physical media in stores, or at least, I think they're mostly talking about DVDs and Blu-ray.
[SPEAKER_04]: They specifically mentioned DVDs.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I mean, they've kind of already done that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They have like one aisle that is DVDs and Blu-ray, and
[SPEAKER_04]: There's not much of a selection there, not surprising.
[SPEAKER_04]: Games too though, like I have seen that games, they don't keep a lot of stock on, so that's not too surprising either.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a lot of cards, like you look at Switch, it's a lot of digital cards now.
[SPEAKER_04]: well yeah yeah for sure and you look at like actually their physical media what they have out like most of it is out of stock all the time so they said that they're transitioning to limited assortment of dvds and it could be that they're talking just strictly dvds because i mean who has dvds anymore um based on our guest shopping patterns and broader industry trends we are transitioning to the limited assortment of dvds we carry in store
[SPEAKER_04]: to Target.com where guests will continue to find thousands of titles.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_04]: Moving forward, we will offer select DVDs in store when they are newly released or during key times throughout the year when they are more popular for gift giving during the holidays and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I think that's kind of what they're already doing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Also, DVDs are still pretty big for TV shows, I think.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, I think they do a lot on Blu-ray, but especially a lot of old TV shows are what I'm imagining because, like, you have a ton of devices that can play DVDs at this point.
[SPEAKER_00]: Even if you have an old Wii, those things play DVDs.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're kid cartoons, Nickelodeon-type fair cartoons.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, if you maybe live in a place where streaming isn't reliable, you probably have quite a collection of child DVDs for this type of thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would imagine is where this is most useful.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like I said, I don't think they have a lot of space on the shelf for this kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're not really keeping a lot of inventory anyways.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it seems to me that like...
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I mean it doesn't make sense for them to keep that stuff in stores.
[SPEAKER_04]: Best Buy has already removed physical movies and TV shows from their shelves.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think that the trend is that they're seeing a lot of people just order stuff online.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not a lot of... We're kind of beyond the time period where people are
[SPEAKER_04]: Browsing the DVD section in a store to like find stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Ooh, that looks interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like nobody really does that nowadays.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's more of like browsing online.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody sits on the Netflix menu going, ooh, what should I watch?
[SPEAKER_00]: Should I watch that or that or that?
[SPEAKER_00]: There's some study out that people spend hours on the, like they spend more time figuring out what the fuck to watch than they actually spend watching it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wild.
[SPEAKER_04]: yeah so i mean guilty it it now i i want to say that it looks like now the article is trying to say well those means that they're getting rid of physical games either they have not mentioned that at all i think that's a little bit different because the demand is much higher for that whereas if we saw some equivalent to you know say i mean we have like a x cloud and stuff like that let's just say like an actual equivalent to like netflix size
[SPEAKER_04]: Streaming service for games which everyone's like, oh, I'm just gonna use that.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, I'm not gonna bother buying games I mean, I mean xCloud certainly trying to position itself that way and PlayStation now exists But I I don't think that we're at that point yet to where
[SPEAKER_04]: folks are going to just stop buying at some point.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're already seeing, I think, game companies just start to move away from physical in general.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, you know, there's less copies of newer games available in stores than there used to be.
[SPEAKER_00]: They want you to go digital because they make more money that way.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why should Target get 30% of the cut when Sony can get 30% of the cut by selling it in their own store digitally?
[SPEAKER_04]: They already get 30% of the cut.
[SPEAKER_04]: I guess they get more now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, and which, you know, would make me wonder about a lot of these kind of antitrust things.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's that's the whole other that's somebody else's problem, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, I think there's a lot of the publishers are kind of nudging towards digital as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Quite honestly, I would not be surprised whatsoever if the PlayStation six, the next Xbox, maybe not the next switch, but maybe two switches from now won't even have drives.
[SPEAKER_00]: Microsoft already wanted to do this a while ago
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, I think this is horrible for game preservation as far as like actually but we're not to that point yet as far as like actual you know physical media going away and I don't know especially now that we're on this trend with game publishers really pushing that hey you don't own this product we're just licensing it to you and we could just take it back even though you've already given us money we could just say oh well you can you have to stop playing it now you know
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't care if you pay me money, pay me more money.
[SPEAKER_04]: Buy my new thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't play your old thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whereas folks, I think, are used to owning things.
[SPEAKER_04]: Certainly newer generations, maybe that may change.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I think we may still see more of a push of not getting rid of that physical media.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially if you have Nintendo still doing it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: I have a PC, so, I mean, like, Sony, Microsoft are kind of covered.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I don't know why I bought an Xbox One X, this, uh, or a Series X. It seems like a waste of money at this point because I just play anything I want on PC, but, eh, live and learn.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, um, I, I, I...
[SPEAKER_00]: This physical media stuff is definitely slipping away.
[SPEAKER_00]: And at least I'm glad that Microsoft has sort of made a commitment to backwards compatibility.
[SPEAKER_00]: We saw that a couple weeks ago, I want to say.
[SPEAKER_00]: We saw that there was that, you know, email that Sarah Bond had sent out that was talking about that they were creating a team to sort of ensure that there was going to be longevity and forward thinking as well with the games they were creating.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I have to admit,
[SPEAKER_00]: It does make me a little more, I'm not going to say everything that's multi-platform I'm going to get on Xbox now, but it does make me think, you know, for the long future, if this is something available on Microsoft and PlayStation, might I pick it up on Microsoft knowing that they've made a commitment to make this a future forward product?
[SPEAKER_00]: Is that something that weighs on your mind too, Loki, or no, you don't really care?
[SPEAKER_04]: Nah, I mean, I know they want to get out of the console business a little bit just because it's not profitable.
[SPEAKER_04]: But at the same time, like, I don't know, just push everything PC, like, but then there's competition on PC, you don't have your closed gardens that you want, even though you're saying that
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, we want to be multi-platform and stuff, but really they don't.
[SPEAKER_04]: They would rather not be.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just that they are forced to do that financially to make up, make more sales because once again, infinite growth.
[SPEAKER_04]: And once you've tapped out your entire platform, where do you go from there?
[SPEAKER_04]: You got to go to other platforms to get more customers because infinite growth, which is impossible, but
[SPEAKER_04]: We're living the impossible dream in corporation land.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's like, whatever.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll just see how it plays out, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, obviously it hasn't stopped me on the PC side because I own everything digitally there.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_00]: What was the last physical PC game you bought that actually had an installation disk and not a code?
[SPEAKER_00]: It would have to have been a World of Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, good call.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, I want to also call this out what Bobby Blackwell said in chat saying I also got infinite wealth digitally on Xbox so I could play it on my PC as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I keep forgetting that is a huge perk that some not all but some Xbox games have is that it's got that hole.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you buy it on one platform, you have it on both, which I think is huge, which is great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Speaking of Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's talk about their Indie World presentation that they did this week because things have been very quiet on the Nintendo front otherwise, but they are definitely using Indies to sort of fill in the gaps, so to speak.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yars Rising Revenge Reimagined
[SPEAKER_00]: So it kind of doesn't look anything like Yars' Revenge, except maybe it looked like there was a mini game in the background that kind of looked like maybe you could play Yars' Revenge in Yars Rising, which great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Atari has found, just like the episodes of this show, they have found 1001 ways to play Yars' Revenge all over again.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is there a such thing in the world as too much of a good thing?
[SPEAKER_00]: Look, I love Yars' Revenge, but Atari is really pushing it when it comes to this game.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Except for the voice acting, the game did look kind of neat, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd be curious about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: There was also a game called Little Kitty Big City, where yes, you know what the game is about?
[SPEAKER_00]: A little cat in a big city.
[SPEAKER_06]: Kitties!
[SPEAKER_00]: Refined Self, Sticky Business, Anton Blast, Valley Peaks, Lorelai and the Laser Eyes
[SPEAKER_00]: Europa, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Splintered Fate, which is a co-op and rogue-ish take on the Switch, and that's a timed console exclusive, so it'll be on other platforms, but it'll be timed console.
[SPEAKER_00]: Speaking of cats, Cat Quest 3 is coming out on August 8th on the Switch, so you have that to look forward to.
[SPEAKER_00]: Stitch came out
[SPEAKER_00]: The day of the announcement and everything is coming out as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, they had a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then there was one more thing, which was SteamWorld Heist 2, which is a follow up where I guess the original crew now goes to outer space.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, no, they are now not in space.
[SPEAKER_00]: They are in naval combat.
[SPEAKER_00]: And right.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's our pirates type of thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Everybody's making a pirate game this year.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkTutsuya wants to point out a very important update.
[SPEAKER_00]: For LittleKittyBigCity, you can give them a hat.
[SPEAKER_00]: SSJ100 Matt is complaining, we need more puppy games, the pro feline game lobbyists have too deep pockets.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was, it was like a Pokemon snap type game, but you were, it was paparazzi or something like that, if I remember correctly.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you know, I know, I know we haven't talked a lot about that emulator that suddenly showed up on iOS recently, but if you are a, if you're an iPhone or iPad person, there's a really easy emulator out there.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the reason why I bring it up is that it plays DS games and I've seen so many Nintendogs screenshots on my feeds this week of people rediscovering that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm surprised that Apple's just like, yeah, this is cool.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's do this.
[SPEAKER_00]: I haven't been able to find it's in the App Store, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, it's called Delta.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you just have to go past all the travel apps.
[SPEAKER_00]: The icon is a purple triangle looking thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: and that's that's the app.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in fact, I'll show you how easy it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm pulling it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: The first and only game I installed on that look how fast I mean, as you should.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Guardian Legend right there.
[SPEAKER_00]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: It just just so I can jam out to this music whenever I want.
[SPEAKER_06]: I got it.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: I can't really hear it through the... Yeah, I know it doesn't pick up very well on the mic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sorry, everybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the only my only complaint about the emulator is that I hate playing with touch controls.
[SPEAKER_00]: However, it connects to Bluetooth controller.
[SPEAKER_00]: So all I have to do is stop being lazy and get my Xbox controller on there or my PlayStation if I want and I'm set.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that's, that's pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, let's move on DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, um, you know, we're, we're not the, uh, the, uh, only ones that are, you know, have been around for a while and have been rediscovered by some and are in not maybe great shape.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm trying to do a nice little segue.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, there is a specific trailer that had been at E3.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was the PlayStation year-round E3 trailer.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm talking about a physical trailer, not something that you watch.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, not a sizzle reel, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it was discovered on Facebook Marketplace for $70,000.
[SPEAKER_06]: And apparently the person selling it didn't really have any clue.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it is an 18-wheeler with a trailer that had a portable E3 show floor and a stage.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so now it's just being sold.
[SPEAKER_06]: People talking about it on Reddit.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's kind of hard to find.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's listed as 1999 Craftsman Double Expandable Stage with nothing about the PlayStation information on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: The author, by the way, of this source, is saying that he only found it because it was local.
[SPEAKER_06]: The trailer was pulled out of storage and hauled about 10 miles to a secure lot.
[SPEAKER_06]: Tires are dry rotted but will need to be replaced before traveling any further distance.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would love to see who gets this thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm so curious about that too, because what a great way to kidnap children, if that's what you wanted to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: The candy van is going to have nothing on the PlayStation bus.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a little bit of a setup that like do that and you have to fold the whole thing up and everything.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just saying what a... It's like, wait there, kid, you play some Gran Turismo or something.
[SPEAKER_00]: I feel like it's a movie plot or something.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because of course, I'm only talking about fiction.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would never talk about the real thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you know what I was thinking?
[SPEAKER_06]: Because I've been kind of into the whole tiny home thing lately.
[SPEAKER_06]: Is that like you could totally keep the exterior intact and make it your house.
[SPEAKER_00]: 61 Inch Plasma Screens
[SPEAKER_00]: Could we replace the PSP artwork on the trailer with a screenshot of OLRPSP.com, which I don't think is a website that works anymore, by the way, but what it used to be back in the day.
[SPEAKER_00]: Actually, isn't the Shell site still up?
[SPEAKER_00]: I could be wrong.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh yeah, the domain doesn't work.
[SPEAKER_00]: People, I forgot about this.
[SPEAKER_00]: The domain itself doesn't work anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if you actually go to OrangeLoungeRadio.com slash PSP, it is still up.
[SPEAKER_00]: The whole PSP site, it's still fucking there.
[SPEAKER_00]: And believe it or not, it still works with our podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_00]: So if you have a PSP that still works, guess what?
[SPEAKER_00]: You can actually still get, you can download episode 1000 and this one tonight, what it's supposed to, because guess what?
[SPEAKER_00]: Some things haven't changed over the last 15 years.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the way we produce this podcast has not changed.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it still reads the feed the exact same way.
[SPEAKER_06]: So- I got it.
[SPEAKER_06]: New byline.
[SPEAKER_06]: OLR, gay, woke, and supporting the PSP.
[SPEAKER_00]: The best gay and woke platform on the PSP.
[SPEAKER_00]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_04]: OrangeLoungeRadio.com
[SPEAKER_04]: Golden Devils
[SPEAKER_00]: You did a great... Honestly, it was the best publicity probably we ever had.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was... No, the second best.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because the best was iTunes launch.
[SPEAKER_00]: When iTunes launched and we were in there, that was the best.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the second best was OLR PSP.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because we still get emails to this day where somebody will be like, Hey, I've been listening since the OLR PSP days.
[SPEAKER_00]: Or, Hey, I first found OLR on the PSP.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: So... Brilliant.
[SPEAKER_00]: Brilliant.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, Bobby Blackwolf points out nobody owns olrpsp.com right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why do I feel like Bobby is currently logging into a website?
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's talk about this.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what, that's how we should spend the money we earned last week.
[SPEAKER_04]: make a new PSP site.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wouldn't you all be so happy that we spent your money on a new PSP website?
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm laughing because I'm being ludicrous.
[SPEAKER_00]: Come on.
[SPEAKER_00]: What?
[SPEAKER_00]: Rob.
[SPEAKER_00]: Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
[SPEAKER_06]: What?
[SPEAKER_06]: That was that was fucking silly.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Speaking of silly, Loki.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, actually, this is going to be a DarkSakura game pretty soon because I believe as part of her subathon, she has to play it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, that means I have to figure out how to get Fortnite to work on stream and then find people to play with me.
[SPEAKER_00]: So.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I won't be one of them, but maybe Alan will play.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I'll play.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll play Festival with you or Lego.
[SPEAKER_00]: I just won't play Battle Royale, but I'll play the other Fortnite games with you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to play Festival without like an actual controller that goes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I might play though, but let's I believe we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_00]: I believe Loki has a story on what you can look forward to in Fortnite, allegedly.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, allegedly.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there was some, suppose it looks like a snapshot of a slideshow that are leaks, but then again it is coming from nefarious areas of the internet, but it does look pretty convincing to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so some of the things allegedly leaked through here is pretty much everything that
[SPEAKER_04]: Billy Eilish Season 4 Metallica Season 5 Carol G Season 6 Snoop Dogg
[SPEAKER_04]: Battle Royale, getting some Pirates of the Caribbean themed stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: A new season with Doctor Doom in it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Chapter 2 OG and Chapter 6 launch, as well as they said some new SGT Winter.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then Rocket Racing, a Volcanic Temple themed season, and some Futuristic Sky themed season.
[SPEAKER_04]: And yeah, I think that's pretty much it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'd be interesting to see what that actually looks like.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, then again, I don't think I need to get back in there and play for tonight festival.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, I did.
[SPEAKER_00]: But this may shock you.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was playing it a lot in the beginning.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then they released Lady Gaga.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I was kind of like, I haven't really played a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it could all be fake, too.
[SPEAKER_04]: You never know.
[SPEAKER_00]: It could be but I Billy Eilish has a new album coming out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like there's a lot that kind of lines up and makes sense.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, why not?
[SPEAKER_00]: We know that Star Wars stuff is huge in Lego, but you know, Lego is, Lego is living on third party agreements now with all their Nintendo stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Funny, funny story.
[SPEAKER_00]: This office chair that I'm sitting on is really falling apart.
[SPEAKER_00]: And this used to be Alan's chair before it was mine.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a whole story behind that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this, this office chair has seen better days.
[SPEAKER_00]: So we were looking for a new office chair.
[SPEAKER_00]: So we were like, where could we get like a fun gamer chair where I could actually go in and sit down and try the chair.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I was like, let's go to Best Buy.
[SPEAKER_00]: They should have them right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Wrong.
[SPEAKER_00]: They don't they don't have them buy them online.
[SPEAKER_00]: And here's the here's the wild thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: They said we have them in the back.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you buy it online, you can pick it up in the store.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just don't have the square footage on the show floor to put them.
[SPEAKER_00]: But you know what they do have the square footage on the show floor for Legos.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_00]: Holy crap.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was gonna say like your office store should have gamer chairs.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's where I bought mine.
[SPEAKER_00]: We don't really carry those like we used to.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have two over here.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we looked at them and they were like, not at all what I was looking for.
[SPEAKER_00]: And she's like, yeah, it was really big in 2020 during the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: But we've just, you know, really slowed down.
[SPEAKER_04]: People stopped sitting.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like, what are we going to do?
[SPEAKER_00]: All the chairs we bought in 2020 are starting to collapse under all the COVID weight we gained.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, come on.
[SPEAKER_00]: But we had we just bought it online.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just what else could we do?
[SPEAKER_00]: We could have gone to an office store, but I wanted like I wanted a stupid gamer chair, which didn't seem as available at like a Staples or one of those types of things.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, they are.
[SPEAKER_04]: They actually are.
[SPEAKER_04]: Staples has a ton of them, like literally a ton of them.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you can just take them right out of the store.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's where I bought mine.
[SPEAKER_04]: And yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if I don't like it, we send it back because we bought it from Costco because of their liberal return policy.
[SPEAKER_00]: So if we don't like it, we're like, yeah, we can just return it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, they have like they have a ton of floor models.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like last time I was there, which probably was a year or so ago, they had probably like eight to 16 chairs on the floor.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's where I should have just fucking gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, well.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, they're all like kind of the same, but they did have a selection.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: They did, by the way, a monster high Elvira that's selling for 280 bucks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, Mike Deft, you should be using, yeah, I know, ergonomic office chairs.
[SPEAKER_04]: I sat in a bunch of chairs and this one was comfortable to me, although my wife's, you know, ergonomic office chair is comfortable as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't buy it for the aesthetic.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a lot of things I should be doing that I don't.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, you know what, let's just put the chair... Of course, then I sit here and complain about back problems.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, you know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's talk about this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, here's another way you can break your back.
[SPEAKER_00]: Building arcade machines such as the ones behind me from the lovely Arcade1UP.
[SPEAKER_00]: And actually, as much as I'm talking shady, I do love the Replica machines.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think they're great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not everybody's into them, but that's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: You don't have to be exactly like anyone else.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think they're kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I'm running out of room for these Arcade1UP machines.
[SPEAKER_00]: And of course, when you buy an Arcade1Up machine, they come in a box and you get to assemble it like it was a piece of IKEA furniture.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for the most part, it's not that bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: But when you get to the part where it depends on your machine, really, but most of the standard upright machines, such as the BurgerTime one you see in the background, that was the hardest one to build.
[SPEAKER_00]: But of course, that was my first machine.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Tron one, I'm pretty sure has something wrong with it somewhere, but you don't notice it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It looks fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: The hardest part is putting that screen in at just the right angle and making it all line up.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what am I getting at?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, Arcade1Up has officially partnered with TaskRabbit.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now TaskRabbit will actually offer a special service on the website where you can hire someone to come to your house and assemble the machine for you.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you don't have to worry about doing it.
[SPEAKER_00]: have the fun I know it says and it's ironic because as I remember correctly TaskRabbit is like owned by IKEA which is really funny that like they they they created the problem and they created the solution and now they're partnering to help others with a similar problem create the solution and you know I
[SPEAKER_00]: Look, I also understand that like, it takes a lot of work and time to build these and it might just be, you know, if you're going to drop $400 on the machine, you might as well spend a little extra money for somebody to build it if you don't want any part of that fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: That part of that fun is a relative word.
[SPEAKER_00]: My concern is knowing how these things work, like TaskRabbit, that they basically just, you know, kind of contract out to these other things.
[SPEAKER_00]: How do I know these people are really specialized at building arcade one-ups?
[SPEAKER_00]: What's going to convince me that they're not going to make all the same mistakes I make when doing it?
[SPEAKER_00]: That's my concern with this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Were they trained on arcade one-up building?
[SPEAKER_00]: What is going to make them... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I don't want to sound all elitist, but it's got an instruction manual.
[SPEAKER_04]: How hard can it really be?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, geez, like, seriously.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: again, well, again, it's getting the monitor just the right angle without being afraid of cracking it is not as easy as that.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yes, once you get past that step, the rest of it is not.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's like building any piece of IKEA furniture, you know, some parts are frustrating, the rest of it is not that bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: You just, you know, have to put the A and the B and the C pegs and the D pegs.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's literally, it does not surprise me at all that an IKEA company is partnering here because these arcade one up things are built just like IKEA furniture.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I mean, I mean, some of the stuff that they have on the site as far as like, things that, you know, mounting a TV to a wall or, you know, hanging artwork on the wall.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: SG100 Matt in chat says imagine being that TaskRabbit employee that has to keep building arcade one ups to complete training install that monitor again.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe they get tools to help them go faster.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe they get something that gets the monitor just the right slant or something like I don't know like I'm, you know, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I have literally no context for how you assemble a one-up arcade machine, but I'm assuming there's some sort of way that they indicate what the angle of the monitor should be, and then you just put something like a guide there.
[SPEAKER_04]: I would even use like little sticky... They have like little sticky rubber pieces that you can stick the things to help assist with, you know, lining stuff up.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's how I would do it, at least, but...
[SPEAKER_04]: Sounds fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want to make some.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, then you can come over and be my task rabbit on the next arcade one-up machine I buy.
[SPEAKER_00]: How's that sound?
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby in chat says, remember, not everybody is ambulatory enough to do something like a one-up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, I completely understand.
[SPEAKER_00]: There is no shame in taking advantage of this.
[SPEAKER_00]: None.
[SPEAKER_00]: Zero.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And as Bobby says, it's gig economy, general contractor stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_00]: There is the oldest gig economy out there that I would take advantage of every time.
[SPEAKER_00]: Movers.
[SPEAKER_00]: Heaven forbid the day comes when I have to move again, you will not catch me trying to move myself or trying to sucker my friends with pizza and beer.
[SPEAKER_00]: We are all too old for that shit.
[SPEAKER_00]: You get movers, they get that shit done.
[SPEAKER_00]: Lightning quick.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's the oldest gig economy that exists.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I would use movers every goddamn time.
[SPEAKER_00]: Could I do it myself?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do I want to?
[SPEAKER_00]: Fuck no.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sorry, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_06]: For the record, we've never used movers.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't think that I could.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wouldn't trust other people with my stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can watch them.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_06]: And on top of that, part of the moving thing for me is being able to downsize while I pack.
[SPEAKER_00]: I also understand you have 11 teen pinball machines.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so you have a lot of high valuable stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: So like, I get it from that perspective.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I don't have that problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, yeah, sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have these bad boys.
[SPEAKER_00]: We moved the BurgerTime from the old Studio N7 house here.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it was like my most prized possession, but I watched them wheel it up the stairs.
[SPEAKER_00]: I just kind of supervised and did the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they're used to it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I also understand
[SPEAKER_00]: This, $400.
[SPEAKER_00]: One of your pinball tables, more money than that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I understand that, you know, but don't, I mean, are you moving the pinball machine yourself or do you have friends that are also pinball nerds that essentially know exactly how to do it and help?
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, we would probably just have, like, the extra trucks to move more than one at a time.
[SPEAKER_06]: But, um, and I mean, I know Dan's got friends with, like, all the moving gear and everything as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I mean, the other part of it, too, is that at least for me, I guess it's kind of a little bit of denial and spitefulness on my part.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, no, I can do this.
[SPEAKER_06]: Watch me.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm gonna do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I totally get the movers thing and even TaskRabbit stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I try to get my wife to learn how to do anything.
[SPEAKER_04]: For example, she recently bought a monitor riser for her computer that is very simple to put together.
[SPEAKER_04]: It took me 30 minutes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I'm like, what if I was dead?
[SPEAKER_04]: What would you do?
[SPEAKER_04]: She's like, I would just hire a man to do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like, there you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's your clientele.
[SPEAKER_04]: You have people that just don't want to learn how to do stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're like, yeah, I could read the manual and try it myself, but I'd rather just pay someone to do it for me.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_04]: I completely understand that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why, why, why on earth would you have a man do that when you could get a
[SPEAKER_00]: Damn good lesbian to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why on earth?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I don't think she cares who is doing it.
[SPEAKER_04]: She just wants somebody else to do it and not her.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like I totally get that.
[SPEAKER_00]: But me personally, who loves building things, why would you spare me the cancellation and nasty tweets?
[SPEAKER_00]: I am spitting 100% facts.
[SPEAKER_00]: 100% spare me.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's all about in the end, it's all a matter of preference, skill level and what you choose.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Bobby, if they sent over rabbits that could build my cabinet for me, I might consider it.
[SPEAKER_04]: That would be the coolest thing I've ever seen, but like, you know.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I kind of am like where, Loki, what you were saying to your wifey, I'm kind of like, what if I don't have Dan around to do like that heavy stuff for me?
[SPEAKER_06]: So I would, I don't know, for me, it's a matter of making sure I stay capable of these things.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, basically at the end of the day, to make a long story short, no one should feel guilty for hiring people to do stuff for them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe when I'm 70.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I am still going to question, are they going to do it right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, I need to just hear a little more about people's experiences.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, oh, they train the TaskRabbit people to do this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Or, oh, okay, I see they have like specialty tools to help.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, I would like to know what's going to really give the TaskRabbit folks a leg up, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: The Movers is a tried and tried and true thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So maybe it'll be similar with TaskRabbit because they build all this furniture.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know how to build this shit like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They probably watch a video online that makes them certified in this type of fix thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would look for the for ratings, you know, in the end, I think.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, Rama apparently said that I'm being
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobbie is saying that Ranma answered it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're going to be trained by somebody at Arcade1UP and it will be assembled with wood, glue, and a drill.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's... Bobbie, I didn't take that at face value because that sounds like speculation, especially the part where you say wood, glue, and a drill.
[SPEAKER_06]: That actually makes sense because that's how you would assemble a real cabinet.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, cabinets in and of themselves, like, I've watched plenty of the restoration videos, I've seen a cabinet assembled, you know, well, I've seen part of a cabinet repaired, and we did a patch-up job with wood glue, and, uh, like, this fiberglass tape, and painted right over the end, and you couldn't really tell unless you were looking at it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I forgot to mention it during my gaming week, but I worked on my pinball table, assembling that, so I have like a tabletop one.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I got, it was doing the playfield, or some of the playfield and putting, running LED lights through it, and then I'm going to be setting up the flippers now, the plungers for that and everything.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you need a massive collection of LEDs and rubber bits and everything, trust me, we're loaded.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh no, the set comes with everything they need.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love this set.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been building it solely since last July, so it's great.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: TigerClaw in chat, I have to address this comment, I have to.
[SPEAKER_00]: TigerClaw in chat, it was a while ago, but said, why pay for movers when you can get movers for free, your own family members?
[SPEAKER_00]: Just a reminder, every family is different.
[SPEAKER_00]: And my family is mostly all people over 70 years old at this point, because I don't have kids.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm very clearly not going to have kids.
[SPEAKER_00]: I can try to make Mr. Smush and Cheddar do it, but I don't think they're going to listen to anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I don't really have the family members to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now,
[SPEAKER_00]: other people that maybe are one of nine siblings, maybe you're in a different situation, which I don't know if that's you or not, but I'm just saying every family situation is different.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, no, I don't have the family members to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's as simple as that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, most of most of my my blood relations are in Alabama and Georgia.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that would be hard for me.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I do have, you know, my chosen family.
[SPEAKER_00]: My chosen family is too damn old.
[SPEAKER_06]: I would help you move, Rob.
[SPEAKER_00]: Aww, that's sweet.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you know, friends help you move, but a real friend helps you move bodies.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, where's the TaskRabbit for that?
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, la la la la la.
[SPEAKER_00]: Where's the TaskRabbit for that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Hide the body.
[SPEAKER_06]: But in the end, I if it's a service that that people, you know, would use, then why not?
[SPEAKER_06]: Why not offer it?
[SPEAKER_06]: And, you know, get the funding out of the partnership, you know, from it.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's that's not a bad thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: But as someone who.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm not going to say like I'm not like super frugal, but there are things I will not pay for.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if it's something that I can do myself, then.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll just do it myself.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, let's move on and get to our next story.
[SPEAKER_00]: And DarkSakura, I think it's yours.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So speaking of people not wanting to do anything, Nintendo doesn't want to go to Gamescom.
[SPEAKER_06]: So they're not.
[SPEAKER_06]: Basically, Gamescom is in Cologne in August.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's in Germany for people who don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: They said that this is a
[SPEAKER_06]: One they're not going to intend, but they will have opportunities for other Switch games to be seen at other events.
[SPEAKER_06]: And yeah, Nintendo has been at Gamescom in the past pretty consistently, but yeah, this isn't the year.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'll read the quote.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gamescom is a great event, and each year we evaluate whether Nintendo should participate or not.
[SPEAKER_06]: After careful consideration from all perspectives, we've made the decision not to be present at Gamescom 2024.
[SPEAKER_06]: Players will have the opportunity to try out Nintendo Switch games at other events throughout the year.
[SPEAKER_06]: And that's it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Unless Nintendo is pulling a thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, even if they were going to release it in like early November or whatever, like Gamescom is only like three or four months out from that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like it's within that period to build the hype and all of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it just I take this as like confirmation.
[SPEAKER_00]: It ain't happening this year.
[SPEAKER_00]: So just temporary expectations is 2025.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, because they want to, if they're going to put a shit out at March 2025, obviously they're going to, they're going to be limited to the, the last remaining Switch games that are going to be coming out for this year.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's what they're going to be announcing in June.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they're not going to have anything else to show during that time because there was a quiet period when then later on, say January, February of next year, where they're like, Hey, it's Switch 2 and here's the games
[SPEAKER_04]: Pokemon Legends
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know if they will.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, maybe they'll do that, but like certainly they don't want to announce anything this year as well, because why cannibalize your sales for the end of the year?
[SPEAKER_04]: You want everybody to buy a switch for the holiday and then have to turn around and buy another one.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I guess it doesn't matter at that point, because I mean, it's been out for a while.
[SPEAKER_04]: So this does happen.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if you're waiting until now to finally buy a switch, you're probably not in the first wave of people that would buy a switch to.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_00]: Moving on, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, well, despite the fact that they said they weren't going to do it, trust us, we're not going to do it, they did it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, Take-Two Interactive has announced massive cuts in an SEC filing.
[SPEAKER_04]: They revealed that they're going to lay off 5% of their about 11,000 member workforce.
[SPEAKER_04]: and they've cancelled several in-development projects totaling 140 million dollars in an effort they say is rationalizing its pipeline.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, this is coming after literally a month ago when Take-Two CEO Strauss Zelnick said they have no current plans to lay off any more employees following a cost reduction program teasing an investor call back in March.
[SPEAKER_04]: Lies!
[SPEAKER_04]: So many lies.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's continue this process of laying off more people in the gaming industry.
[SPEAKER_04]: You just can't trust CEOs.
[SPEAKER_04]: You just can't.
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Bobby Blackwell in the chat says there weren't plans last month, but this month, well, that is poor planning on the CEO's part.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there's no plans this financial year.
[SPEAKER_00]: But whoops.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now we're going to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're going to do it again.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oops.
[SPEAKER_00]: I did it again.
[SPEAKER_00]: Speaking of CEOs and making bad calls, we have a follow-up to something we were talking about just a couple weeks ago on the show.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do you remember when the ex-Blizzard CEO, Mikey Barra, went on Twitter, or was it Twitter?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know, some site, and just kind of made the comment about, I wish I could tip people.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to give them an extra $10 or $20 because it was worth more than the initial $70.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: And actually, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't hate the comment.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, because you know it's going to the developer then, especially if it's like one person developing something, whereas, like, I, once again, can't trust the CEOs, I would not trust that if I click the button in Assassin's Creed, whatever, that it's actually going to the developers.
[SPEAKER_04]: And also, pay your developers better.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why am I paying the developers?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well now this week we have some of the follow-up roasting that's happened of said tweet.
[SPEAKER_00]: IGN video director Destin Lejari, I hope I said that right, says in a very kind of
[SPEAKER_00]: just kind of puts the nail on the head with this comment says, I think the billion and trillion dollar companies can handle compensating their employees fairly, instead of relying on a tip from me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because it's not like my money goes to the combat designer or level artist, it goes to the corporate piggy bank.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's exactly what I've been commenting in a way.
[SPEAKER_00]: First, as I said, take it out of fucking Bobby Kotick CEO or take take it out of his fucking severance package.
[SPEAKER_00]: Tip the employees with that.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's where it's deserved.
[SPEAKER_00]: Indie developers, maybe I'd feel a little differently.
[SPEAKER_00]: But again, I think with an indie developer, if you love a game enough, buy a copy for a friend or help spread the word.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's almost more powerful.
[SPEAKER_04]: Or support them on the next game that they put out.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, that's the thing too.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, like, there are ways... He's like, well, I wish there's a way to support these guys.
[SPEAKER_04]: There is!
[SPEAKER_04]: You buy more of their stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, when they put out a new title, you buy another product from that developer because you want to support them.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's how you do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not tipping them because they did their job.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because then,
[SPEAKER_04]: It will get twisted so badly.
[SPEAKER_04]: If this ever made it into like AAA games, whatever, it would be just like constant.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, hey, hey.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's like, you know, have we not used, like to quote Mike Ybarra, have you not used phones before?
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you not know what the app's saying?
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, rate us.
[SPEAKER_04]: Have you rate us?
[SPEAKER_00]: Do you like us?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't think that was him that said that, but, but I, who cares?
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_00]: I get it.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're all the same CEO to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: All making the same stupid statements and the same stupid opinions.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, so yes, we've used mobile apps where they constantly nag us to do stuff like, hey, have you raided us?
[SPEAKER_04]: Raid us, you know, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's essentially what we have here is they're saying, oh, hey, pay us more money.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll promise it's going to those employees.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, wait, we can't give to the employees.
[SPEAKER_04]: We just laid them all off.
[SPEAKER_04]: So
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, I guess we'll just have to keep it.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll give it to our CEO.
[SPEAKER_04]: He did a great job.
[SPEAKER_04]: Saved us so much blame.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make it that number.
[SPEAKER_00]: Give it to the investors.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make the line go up.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just, we need to take a moment to go back to a simpler time when we weren't talking about tipping.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what most, did Howard Scott Warshaw make a tip for making Yars Revenge, which is you can play 1001 different ways.
[SPEAKER_05]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_00]: And sorry, I think a little bit of the audio from this game got through, but what is the classic game of the week, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_06]: It's Tokidensho Angel Eyes.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a Japanese fighting game that was developed and published by Tecmo.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was released in the arcades in June 1996 and had other re-releases.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's basically a 2D all-female fighting game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's in the same vein as stuff like Asuka 120%, Pretty Fighter X, Variable Geo.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's kind of like a mixed bag of a game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, there's like, you got a biker, you have a volleyball player, schoolgirl, a ninja girl, one who fights with a teddy bear.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if I'm right, I think she also has like a pretty wicked infinite combo.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you have your punches and your kicks and you have your special moves and different techniques, but what's unique to the game is something called the reverse combo correction.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what fans have called it anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, um...
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just a really interesting thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: So like, basically, you know, if you're in a fighting game, your combo attacks are chained together and the damage decreases.
[SPEAKER_06]: But in this one, the damage increases the more combos you chain.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you can basically do instant kill combos, just like I was saying with that one character.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then there are homing jumps, where if you jump, you are thrust directly into your opponent.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then for the PlayStation port, there was an arcade mode versus mode training mode and story mode.
[SPEAKER_06]: So yeah, it's a pretty...
[SPEAKER_06]: Pretty interesting game.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll be getting into a little bit more on that.
[SPEAKER_06]: So basically, it started development in 1994, right after Ninja Gaiden 2 on Neo Geo was cancelled.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was one of the first games to feature all female characters in a fighting game.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, like I mentioned, you know, Variable Geo, Pretty Fighter X, those games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then some of the games, some of the characters, sorry, were created in pixel art, and some were pre-rendered 3D models.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it was like an interesting combination.
[SPEAKER_06]: The PlayStation version also has 2D versions of three of the characters that are unlockable.
[SPEAKER_06]: But like I said, it originally came out
[SPEAKER_06]: in Japan in June 1996.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was ported to the PlayStation and released on December 11, 1997.
[SPEAKER_06]: There was a drama CD called Toki Denshou Drama Album and a soundtrack CD on November 12, 2008.
[SPEAKER_06]: The PlayStation version was re-released to PSN, PlayStation Network, to their game archives, and you could download it for PSP and PS3.
[SPEAKER_06]: On October 20, 2022, it was added to Hamster Corporation's Arcade Archive series for the PlayStation 4 and the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can tell you right now the Switch version is like $8.
[SPEAKER_06]: As for how well it went over, Famitsu gave it 22 out of 40.
[SPEAKER_06]: They basically were noting that it was really unique to mix the pixel art and polygon characters, but that one thing that was getting a little awkward is that it was in this sort of vein of other games that had a lot of aerial combat in the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: So...
[SPEAKER_06]: It was basically given middle of the road.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I mean, and it's a it's a fun little game.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I thought that it was a notable one due to maybe other things we may be discussing tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, onto my boobs.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think I ever played this, sadly.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, you can get on the Switch for eight bucks.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is it worth $8?
[SPEAKER_00]: Be honest.
[SPEAKER_06]: It'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it's a fun way to waste some time.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: Classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's travel on to some rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_00]: We'll talk about some other stuff that happened in the industry relatively quickly.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we're not too far out from getting to your calls and your chat comments in the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_00]: We'll get to that in just a minute.
[SPEAKER_00]: But first, some rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_00]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: in the least surprising news that everyone's ever heard.
[SPEAKER_04]: Amazon's Fallout series is getting a second season.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because you know, that's what popular TV shows tend to do.
[SPEAKER_04]: And yeah, so it is gonna happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: I can't wait.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know people who have two minds about that.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dan said he wasn't really that excited about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Did he like the first season?
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I mean, that's what I'm saying.
[SPEAKER_06]: He'd watched the first season and didn't think it was very exciting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, I gotcha.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why can't we?
[SPEAKER_04]: And then in surprising news, I guess, Keanu Reeves is going to be playing the voice of Shadow the Hedgehog in the Sonic the Hedgehog 3 movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whoa.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I saw this earlier.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not surprised.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, he does stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, why not?
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody's gonna have a problem with this casting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Super cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_04]: And, um, you know, I hear Knuckles is supposed to be pretty good, which I think that's launching this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe next year.
[SPEAKER_04]: Friday, I want to see it, but like, I haven't got a chance to see it.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, the first two Sonic movies, like, surprisingly good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I'm, I have yet to see them excited.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there is, you know, remember I brought up the arcade archives earlier?
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, a game that is being added to that is Newman Athletics, which came out in 1983 by Namco.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a futuristic sports game that had different weird events going on and never came out to any home system, but did come out on the Wii Virtual Console in Japan.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it's, it actually had a sequel called Mock Breakers Newman Athletics 2 in 1995.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is going to be on the Switch and PS4 on April 25th, which is four days from the day of this podcast recording.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And to follow up to something we talked about on a previous episode of the show, the game Octopath Traveler has returned to the Nintendo eShop.
[SPEAKER_00]: It made a lot of waves when it disappeared from the eShop for a hot minute, but it has returned.
[SPEAKER_00]: In a tweet, I almost said a squeet because it was Square Enix who tweeted it.
[SPEAKER_00]: In a squeet, Square Enix wrote, Octopath Traveler is now available to purchase on Nintendo Switch eShop once again.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you for your patience.
[SPEAKER_00]: No words on what changes were made, but I'm pretty sure it was that whole publisher and probably the splash screens in the beginning were probably updated to reflect that.
[SPEAKER_00]: But you can now buy that game all over again on the eShop if you were wanting to do that and somehow haven't already, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, let's travel the world and check out some release dates of some games you can pick up.
[SPEAKER_00]: If Octopath Traveler is something you already picked up, you can get some new stuff this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: We'll start with the U.S.
[SPEAKER_00]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: We have Iodine Chronicle 100 Heroes on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Tales of Kinzera Zao on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Assault Suit Leonos II Saturn Tribute on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
[SPEAKER_04]: Another Crab's Treasure on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_06]: That sounds funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: Another Crab's Treasure?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just the name sounds funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: Megaton Musashi, Wired, PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5 Saga Emerald Beyond, PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, iOS, Android Demon Slayer, Kimetsu no Yaba, Sweep the Board, Nintendo Switch Manor Lords, PC
[SPEAKER_04]: SandLand on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Stellar Blade on PlayStation 5 and Top Spin 2K25 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, before we get to the Japanese releases, I have to address this in chat because I made that pronunciation mistake and I said a squeet and DarkTetsuya said I like squeet over skeet TBH.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, yeah, look, because I'm not 12 years old, I don't call blue sky posts skeets.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, I call them bleets.
[SPEAKER_00]: because I just think it sounds better.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it makes me think of the nickname of the Dead by Daylight killer, The Blight, because everybody will go, it's a bleat.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I thought it was the Blort.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Blort.
[SPEAKER_00]: I like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've heard of bleat.
[SPEAKER_00]: So but either no matter which way you slice it, you know, I would like more people to come to Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I feel like if Oh, the posts are called skeets is the first thing you're telling them.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm not sure a lot of professionals are going to make their home on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I
[SPEAKER_00]: I prefer to use bleat, a post because that's a post.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, that's what I was calling it was just a post.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if they have to have it, I don't think they need any stupid little name unlike Twitter.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: But now because Twitter changed their name to X, it's you know, it's Twitter.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a sheet.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a shit.
[SPEAKER_00]: So when you're posting on Twitter, you're posting sheet.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're not tweeting, you're shitting.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're shitting.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, let's see, moving on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's talk about Japanese release dates, including for the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course, Aiden Chronicle is coming out in Japan as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a worldwide release on the 23rd.
[SPEAKER_00]: Otherwise, we get to a bunch of releases on the 25th.
[SPEAKER_00]: And yeah, there's quite a few this week, including Saga Emerald Beyond is also out in Japan this week, which reminds me, I really disliked the Saga series, but maybe this one will change my mind.
[SPEAKER_00]: Demon Slayer, Kimetsu no Yaiba, Sweep the Board is also out this week on the 25th.
[SPEAKER_00]: Kemono, Kenomonimichi, Girlish Square comes out in a regular and limited edition, as well as Assault Lanos 2 Saturn Tribute.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm like, is that like, the, the, the, but no, this is some type of, what do you call these things?
[SPEAKER_00]: Tech
[SPEAKER_00]: Robotech thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mech.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mech games.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a mech game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mecha game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, it's one of those.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then the most interesting named game, Mom Hid My Game Collection comes out on the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can play one of four exciting mini games including Mom Hid My Game, Mom Hid My Game 2,
[SPEAKER_00]: Hide and Dance and My Brother Ate My Pudding in which the plot is you ate your sister's pudding and now she's mad.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't let her catch you.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think I seem to remember Hide and Dance.
[SPEAKER_00]: Actually, I feel like these were all like interesting little Internet games at some points.
[SPEAKER_00]: They've compiled these because you hide and dance a bizarre rhythm and dance game played in secret.
[SPEAKER_00]: Dance your heart out without mom finding out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh my God, there's a trailer.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a trailer.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now I need to see this whole thing here.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's, uh, I'm looking at the other screen right now in which we're seeing the footage.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for those in the podcast, it's a very, um, cartoonish, it's very bright, light blue background that is showing some of the different game modes in which like, for example, it looks like mom hid the game on top of the window.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you have to find the ladder.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now you're flying a drone.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Wii instruction graphics that they have.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Library of Ruina comes out in Japan as well on the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Guitar Life Lesson 1 is also out in Japan this week on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a lot of games coming out on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: How about the PlayStation 5?
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course, Aiden Chronicles will also be out on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then a game called Sand Land from Bandai Namco comes out in Japan on the 25th.
[SPEAKER_00]: Saga Emerald Beyond is also on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_00]: Behelogar is also out in regular and limited or limited edition on the PlayStation as well this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: So quite a few games on the PS5 as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: How about Europe, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_06]: On the 23rd for the three consoles, I just say the three, is Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Wrath of the Mutants, and then also for PlayStation and Xbox, Topspin 2K25 Deluxe Edition, because people really like tennis.
[SPEAKER_06]: On the 25th, we have Railway Empire 2 for Switch, PlayStation, Xbox.
[SPEAKER_06]: The rest of these are on the 26th.
[SPEAKER_06]: For PlayStation, we have Stellar Blade.
[SPEAKER_06]: Lunar Lander Beyond for PlayStation and Switch.
[SPEAKER_06]: For PlayStation and Xbox, we have Top Spin 2K25.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can word, I promise.
[SPEAKER_06]: On Switch, we have Demon Slayer, Kimetsu no Yaiba, Sweep the Board.
[SPEAKER_06]: PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch, Contra Operations, Garuga.
[SPEAKER_06]: Happy Fun Land on PlayStation, and then Sand Land on PlayStation and Xbox.
[SPEAKER_00]: SGO100 Matt reminding in our chatroom over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network saying Sand Land is the Akira Toriyama game, likely one of the last few games he worked on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, I did not make that connection.
[SPEAKER_00]: So thank you.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, just a few more stories.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we'll get to the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_00]: So first, we'll go to Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh, yeah, this is, uh, interesting, something I wouldn't have expected, but apparently there is a Golden Axe animated series that is being, um, worked on at Comedy Central.
[SPEAKER_04]: So... Very strange.
[SPEAKER_04]: They said it's a ten episode animated comedy series, um, on Comedy Central.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, I... Because when I think of Comedy Laugh Riot, I think of Golden Axe.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I mean, for me, like, what would be pretty funny is if they did like the whole red versus blue type of thing, just with like golden axe sprites in like the game or something like that would have been kind of funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, I don't know ways to make it funny.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, you know, with the right writers that can really make anything funny.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe it'll turn it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's coming.
[SPEAKER_04]: So apparently it's
[SPEAKER_04]: So, essentially, they said that it is being produced by CBS and the folks that worked on Star Trek Lower Decks and Solar Opposites, as well as Joe Chandler of American Dad.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll check it out.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, it's worth a shot.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, you know, obviously your Lower Decks is good.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yeah, Lower Decks is great.
[SPEAKER_00]: And unfortunately, it's now confirmed that season five is going to be the last season because in Star Trek, apparently five is the new seven.
[SPEAKER_00]: This Discovery is only getting five seasons and now Lower Decks is only getting five seasons.
[SPEAKER_00]: Strange new worlds.
[SPEAKER_00]: Look out.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that seems to be one of the most popular series right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: So who knows?
[SPEAKER_00]: Who knows how that'll do?
[SPEAKER_00]: Lower Decks is great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Lower Decks brought us the Moopsie.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the best thing I've seen in a show in a long time.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just look up Moopsie, Lower Decks, M-O-O-P-S-Y, and just, it's the greatest thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Moopsie is heavily inspired by Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_00]: Tell me that is not a fucking Pokemon inspired thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yes, it is related to video gaming.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, um, let's talk about Baldur's Gate 3 and a potential sequel.
[SPEAKER_00]: We actually knew a little bit about this because there were rumblings that the studio, Larian, was not going to be working on a successor to Baldur's Gate, that they were working on things.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is confirmed, and they have said very plainly in a community update on Steam this week, Larian Studios said, we won't be introducing any new, or excuse me, any major new narrative content to the story of Baldur's Gate 3 or its origin characters and companions, nor will we be making expansions or Baldur's Gate 4.
[SPEAKER_00]: So they have pretty much said, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, it is what it is, which is why people liked Baldur's Gate 3.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a complete story, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: They did say, we're currently working on two new projects, and we couldn't be more excited about what the future has in store.
[SPEAKER_00]: They'll share more information later down the line.
[SPEAKER_00]: Know that even as our focus turns to these new games, the sensibilities that brought you Baldur's Gate 3 are alive and well here at the Larian Castle.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know if we're going to pull it off, but looking at our narrative, visual, and gameplay plans, I think what we're working on now will be our best work ever, which is what they're required to say, but it is still, considering how well Baldur's Gate 3 did critically, is still very, very, very interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Apparently Sven Vinke, the director at the studio, had said previously that there was a planned Baldur's Gate 3 DLC and a sequel, but the studio did drop those plans, partially due to constraints imposed by Dungeons & Dragons mechanics from the 5th edition.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's very interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they do say, we've done our job.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a story with a beginning, a middle, and an end.
[SPEAKER_00]: So let's pass the torch to another studio to pick up this incredible legacy.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a lot to pick up on there.
[SPEAKER_00]: There will be a Baldur's Gate 4.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh yeah, there absolutely will be a Baldur's Gate 4.
[SPEAKER_00]: Larian's not making it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Somebody else is going to make it, and so people will rightfully have some concerns, I'm sure, knowing that it's a different studio doing it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm all for giving them a fair shot, especially if the new studio commits to
[SPEAKER_00]: doing a complete game and making it really worth a $70 game.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think the earlier they can kind of confirm that that's the creative direction for Baldur's Gate 4, the more people will get excited about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Meanwhile, I think there's going to be a lot of people that are ready to eat up whatever Larian puts out next.
[SPEAKER_00]: They've certainly earned all that critical praise they're getting, so it'll be very interesting to see what happens next.
[SPEAKER_00]: But no Baldur's Gate 4 or DLC from Larian, and there will not be any further content for Baldur's Gate 3.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, there will be maybe a little more content for episode 1001 here of Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: If we get some good questions or phone calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord, if you want to join our discord server and hang out in the green room, we'll take some calls.
[SPEAKER_00]: We do also chat throughout the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: We oftentimes get stories that are inspired from the posts you guys make in our discord.
[SPEAKER_00]: So thank you all who keep the conversation going on throughout the week on our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm just really happy for the Arcade Archives.
[SPEAKER_06]: I really have been happy with just how consistently they've released games and the big collection that they've built up for us.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well over 100 at this point.
[SPEAKER_00]: 400 plus.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh my god, it's that many?
[SPEAKER_06]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had something that I was reading.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, this is back from March of this year, but the Arcade Archives Nintendo eShop set a Guinness World Record.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's incredible.
[SPEAKER_06]: And okay, so it's their 7th anniversary on Switch, with over 400 games released on the console.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hold on, I'm double-checking.
[SPEAKER_06]: For 366 consecutive weeks, there has been an Arcade Archives release on the Nintendo eShop.
[SPEAKER_06]: This was actually recognized in 2019, when the total was 113.
[SPEAKER_06]: and they continued through the pandemic and so now on their seventh anniversary of being on, this was as of March again, 403 titles were out as of March 3rd.
[SPEAKER_00]: Looking at our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, Darktosia points out a quick note on the Sand Land trailer, we were talking about that game, apparently they went with Sandstorm by Darude for the music.
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course they did.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank God somebody finally went the obvious route.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like this, you just, that's what I expect.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you for meeting my expectations.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because a lot of times, you know, they don't do that, but thank you for meeting the expectations.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: ssj100mat asked this question.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a deep cut, but I'll explain it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So ssj100mat asks, has Sacramento recovered from Klay Thompson throwing bricks at the Arco Arena?
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's the story behind that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't even know anything happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So he didn't that that's a player on the team and he did not throw anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: But apparently some players were throwing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Were they actually throwing bricks?
[SPEAKER_00]: Or I thought they were throwing like chicken wings or something at the Golden One Center, which is the new arena.
[SPEAKER_00]: Fans were throwing them on the floor.
[SPEAKER_00]: But here's the thing, because why?
[SPEAKER_00]: Why not eat them?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: But because fans fans get weird at sports games.
[SPEAKER_00]: But here's here's where that story came from, because
[SPEAKER_00]: They are shoving AI up our ass everywhere they can.
[SPEAKER_00]: I even noticed on Facebook and Instagram, there's not even a search bar anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's just ask the meta AI or whatever the fuck it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And look, I...
[SPEAKER_00]: I've gone over this AI thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't think all AI is bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think there are definitely some great uses for AI.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you know, as a tool, as you would think of other type of generative tools that have helped Photoshop come a long way and so forth.
[SPEAKER_00]: I see AI as an evolution of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do not need AI shoved up my ass.
[SPEAKER_00]: and who else is trying to shove it up your ass?
[SPEAKER_00]: Twitter, of course, which thankfully is a website I don't use anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: But for those that do use it, because they fired everybody that was curating the news headlines, they're now relying on AI to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And AI wrote the headline as Clay Thompson from the Sacramento Kings was the one throwing the bricks.
[SPEAKER_00]: because AI only, it only goes so far.
[SPEAKER_00]: It can't fucking make decisions like a human can.
[SPEAKER_00]: It doesn't know right from wrong like a human does usually and so on.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I just, we need to stop relying so heavy on AI.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like everybody just wants AI to be a thing so fucking bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody, it's, I'm literally going Jurassic Park.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody is so consumed with doing it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody is stopping to wonder if we should.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have to say something out of the book for the character he played.
[SPEAKER_06]: Best sensible advice.
[SPEAKER_06]: I only wear black or grey because I can always find something that matches.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, Bobby Blackwolf says for non basketball people throwing a brick means throwing a ball that never hits the basket.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was cuz I was like, did Clay Thompson throw the first brick at Stonewall?
[SPEAKER_00]: Is that what they're trying to say?
[SPEAKER_00]: No, no, it's none of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, no, no, no, I agree.
[SPEAKER_06]: I agree with podculture.
[SPEAKER_06]: The only AI I want is in a black Trans Am.
[SPEAKER_06]: And remember, only we only want kit, we do not need car.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_00]: So again, I'm not I'm not here to just completely shit on AI.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm completely here to shit on companies forcing AI down our throats.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like again, AI as a generative tool is how we're gonna get 8k textures and games and things like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like we're gonna have to have some sort of generative AI to us as a tool to help develop these types of things in you know, games and so forth.
[SPEAKER_00]: But um,
[SPEAKER_00]: relying on it to report the news.
[SPEAKER_00]: Only a dumbfuck billionaire could make that call.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, look.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, look, another dumbfuck billionaire.
[SPEAKER_00]: That should be that should be what that should be what this decade just how it's summarized in the history books.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is it a problem that the covering for an accelerator, you know, falls off and can get jammed in the accelerator?
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that a problem on my brand new futuristic piece of crap truck?
[SPEAKER_00]: I hope that man is about to lose.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's already lost money on Twitter.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I hope he's about to lose even more because I'm hearing people are getting laid off at Tesla, which, you know, for people trying to make an honest living.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so I'm not going to take delight in that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I do, it's, you know, people trying to make an honest living and okay, you did what you had to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: There aren't a lot of jobs in Reno.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sometimes you got to take one at the Tesla factory.
[SPEAKER_00]: I get it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I feel bad, but
[SPEAKER_00]: It's hard for me to hold the tears back knowing that Elon Musk will be personally impacted, as personally impacted as possible.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, speaking of just one little thing that I think is just so beautiful.
[SPEAKER_06]: So you know how the Twitter acquisition was because Twitter was starting to lose money, right?
[SPEAKER_06]: Right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Um, apparently there is speculation now that the company's value is only around 4 million.
[SPEAKER_06]: Out of the 400 and something, out of the 44, he paid for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good.
[SPEAKER_06]: Watch it die.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, Bobby Blackwell says a lot of Tesla layoffs are in the understaffed overworked service centers.
[SPEAKER_00]: A lot of service appointments were canceled last week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: That's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: We had such a big show last week, they can't all be big.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the news has just been in a weird cycle lately, especially I think with kind of like, I don't want to say like PlayStation 5 and Xbox series have like gone through its cycle, but it feels like we're like kind of on the edge of like a new cycle.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we know that Nintendo is putting something out.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's just a very strange time in gaming right now, I gotta say so.
[SPEAKER_00]: But we're always happy to talk about the things you want to bring to the table.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can always send us an email.
[SPEAKER_00]: Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send us an email.
[SPEAKER_00]: I skipped it because I think I knew we didn't have anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't think so.
[SPEAKER_06]: And for the record, I finally started putting stuff in the junk folder server side, so hopefully it'll start getting filtered out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, good.
[SPEAKER_00]: SG100 Matt wants to point out he didn't pay for it to be clear.
[SPEAKER_00]: He got a lot of money from foreign investors, but he is on the hook for paying them back though.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, you know what?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_00]: And those investors fucking got what they deserved.
[SPEAKER_06]: How about another stupid decision?
[SPEAKER_00]: Do I feel an ounce of sympathy for the investors?
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely not.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do I feel an ounce of sympathy for people that underwrite bonds for a former president that they're probably going to lose the money on?
[SPEAKER_00]: Let them eat cake.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: If me in 2020
[SPEAKER_06]: or sorry, not 2020, whenever Shit for Brains got elected.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, 2016, yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can't brain, you know what I've been through.
[SPEAKER_06]: But if me in 2016 could have seen where this was going this year, I would have just endured a lot better.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not stop the simulation.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I wouldn't have wanted it to happen at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wouldn't have wanted it to happen at all, but
[SPEAKER_06]: 2016 me is vindicated today.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, that's it.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're going to wrap up.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're done.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you all so much for tuning in this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: We appreciate you.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Knowledge Radio, please help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_00]: We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_00]: So tell a friend or two, help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_00]: A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or YouTube, wherever you found this show goes an awful long way.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, I'm going to start pimping YouTube more because with the closure of Google Podcasts, we are now available on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_00]: as a podcast I'm sorry the video is not available on YouTube at least not today we still that is a special extra special perk for our Twitch subscribers and you know we're not we're not taking as as we went into it we never took anything away this podcast has been free the entire fucking time we've been doing it it's always and it's gonna stay free
[SPEAKER_00]: but a little something extra would be the the fun video that we do and you can see it free if you tune in live.
[SPEAKER_00]: But otherwise you can you can use your Prime subscription over on Twitch to see the actual video recordings.
[SPEAKER_00]: At this time, we're not planning on putting it up on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_00]: YouTube is just static image of the audio recordings.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that's that's that on that.
[SPEAKER_06]: The breaks.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, let's go around and get folks' final thoughts, and we'll wrap it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, I know you're going to be doing some Cult of the Lamb, I think you said tonight, so change it up a little bit.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I did so much Dead by Daylight that I'm like, you know what?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm going to do something chill.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I put it up to people to vote on, and people voted for Cult of the Lamb.
[SPEAKER_06]: come to you know, I will be more than happy to invite people into my, my little cult.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's a lot of Twitch integration with that if you people out there weren't aware.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's worth checking out to be a part of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Alright, so I'll see y'all then.
[SPEAKER_06]: But in the meantime, later taters.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_00]: You too.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, that takes me to Loki and your final thoughts tonight, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Just go check out Turbo Kid on Steam.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's 20 bucks.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's worth it.
[SPEAKER_00]: My final thought is I hate back pain.
[SPEAKER_00]: Getting old sucks.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_03]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_03]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_03]: See you next week.